all right so Brad for reason I'm back
out here with Al and I was going to do
something that he's never actually done
successfully before which is take a
Polaris snowmobile across water he's
gonna ride it down the Fraser River he's
got it all prepped and should work I
mean in theory right so I got a hooked
up to 50 foot long line I'm going to
slink down to the river for him and then
we're going to go rip it down the real
deal all right
Oh
yes
hey guys Brad Friesen here I am coconuts
I'm just working today with Destin from
smarter every day he's up there doing
his monologue I think this is Biff try
he's getting better I think but hope you
like that last video we tried running
the snowmobile down the Fraser River I
had a couple problems so stay tuned
we're gonna do it again
not everything works but I thought it
was pretty interesting you can subscribe
follow me up here you can check out some
other videos and as always follow me on
social media and hope you liked it stick
around for the next one